examples/material-ui/src/MaterialUi.md, before:

# Material UI Example

This is a simple demonstration of how to connect all the standard
[material-ui](https://github.com/callemall/material-ui) form elements to `redux-form`.

For the most part, it is a matter of wrapping each form control in a `<Field>`
component as custom component.

For controls like `SelectField` we need to simulate the `onChange` manually. As props
have been exposed in `redux-form` you can fire `onChange` manually.
Read more [here](http://redux-form.com/6.0.2/docs/api/Field.md/#usage).

The delay between when you click "Submit" and when the alert dialog pops up is intentional,
to simulate server latency.

### Field Renderers

Notice that we define simple functions, like `renderTextField`, `renderCheckbox`, and 
`renderSelectField` to form a bridge between `redux-form` and the Material UI input components. 
You would only need to define these in one place in your application and reuse them in each form.

For Material UI, `@erikras` has published a set of wrapper components to use Material UI:
[`redux-form-material-ui`](https://github.com/erikras/redux-form-material-ui).

### How to use async validation in form:

* Emails that will _fail_ validation: `foo@foo.com`, `bar@bar.com`.

Commit message:

Fix broken npm example script + add scripts & documentation for running each example locally (#1689)
* Add working npm example start scripts for every example

* Add instructions to run examples locally to all examples & top level md file

* Add missing backtick to local commands on each example file

* Rephrase running locally instructions for each example

examples/material-ui/src/MaterialUi.md, after:

# Material UI Example

This is a simple demonstration of how to connect all the standard
[material-ui](https://github.com/callemall/material-ui) form elements to `redux-form`.

For the most part, it is a matter of wrapping each form control in a `<Field>`
component as custom component.

For controls like `SelectField` we need to simulate the `onChange` manually. As props
have been exposed in `redux-form` you can fire `onChange` manually.
Read more [here](http://redux-form.com/6.0.2/docs/api/Field.md/#usage).

The delay between when you click "Submit" and when the alert dialog pops up is intentional,
to simulate server latency.

## Running this example locally

To run this example locally on your machine clone the `redux-form` repository,
then `cd redux-form` to change to the repo directory, and run `npm install`.

Then run `npm run example:material-ui` or manually run the
following commands:
```
cd ./examples/material-ui
npm install
npm start
```

Then open [`localhost:3030`](http://localhost:3030) in your
browser to view the example running locally on your machine.

## Field Renderers

Notice that we define simple functions, like `renderTextField`, `renderCheckbox`, and 
`renderSelectField` to form a bridge between `redux-form` and the Material UI input components. 
You would only need to define these in one place in your application and reuse them in each form.

For Material UI, `@erikras` has published a set of wrapper components to use Material UI:
[`redux-form-material-ui`](https://github.com/erikras/redux-form-material-ui).

## How to use async validation in form:

* Emails that will _fail_ validation: `foo@foo.com`, `bar@bar.com`.
