examples/syncValidation/src/SyncValidation.md, before:

# Synchronous Validation Example

To provide synchronous client-side validation, you will need to provide redux-form with a 
validation function that takes an object of form values and returns an object of errors.
This is done by providing the validation function to the decorator as a config parameter, or
to the decorated form component as a prop.

Additionally, you can provide redux-form with a warn function with the same type signature as
your validation function. Warnings are errors that do not mark a form as invalid, allowing for
two tiers of severity for errors.

The example validation function is purely for simplistic demonstration value. In your 
application, you will want to build some type of reusable system of validators.

Notice the reused stateless function component used to render each field. It is important that 
this not be defined inline (in the `render()` function), because it will be created anew on every
render and trigger a rerender for the field, because the `component` prop will have changed.

**IMPORTANT**: Synchronous validation happens on every change to your form data, so, if your field 
value is invalid, your field.error value will always be present. You will probably only want to
show validation errors once your field has been touched, a flag that is set for you by `redux-form`
when the onBlur event occurs on your field. When you submit the form, all the fields are marked as
touched, allowing any of their validation errors to show.

## Running this example locally

To run this example locally on your machine clone the `redux-form` repository,
then `cd redux-form` to change to the repo directory, and run `npm install`.

Then run `npm run example:syncValidation` or manually run the
following commands:
```
cd ./examples/syncValidation
npm install
npm start
```

Commit message:

Field-level Validation (#2245)
* Introduced field-level validation

* Added example

examples/syncValidation/src/SyncValidation.md, after:

# Synchronous Validation Example

There are two ways to provide synchronous client-side validation to your form.

The first is to provide redux-form with a
validation function that takes an object of form values and returns an object of errors.
This is done by providing the validation function to the decorator as a config parameter, or
to the decorated form component as a prop.

The second is to use individual validators for each field. See
[Field-Level Validation Example](http://redux-form.com/6.2.1/examples/fieldLevelValidation/).

Additionally, you can provide redux-form with a warn function with the same type signature as
your validation function. Warnings are errors that do not mark a form as invalid, allowing for
two tiers of severity for errors.

The example validation function is purely for simplistic demonstration value. In your 
application, you will want to build some type of reusable system of validators.

Notice the reused stateless function component used to render each field. It is important that 
this not be defined inline (in the `render()` function), because it will be created anew on every
render and trigger a rerender for the field, because the `component` prop will have changed.

**IMPORTANT**: Synchronous validation happens on every change to your form data, so, if your field 
value is invalid, your field.error value will always be present. You will probably only want to
show validation errors once your field has been touched, a flag that is set for you by `redux-form`
when the onBlur event occurs on your field. When you submit the form, all the fields are marked as
touched, allowing any of their validation errors to show.

## Running this example locally

To run this example locally on your machine clone the `redux-form` repository,
then `cd redux-form` to change to the repo directory, and run `npm install`.

Then run `npm run example:syncValidation` or manually run the
following commands:
```
cd ./examples/syncValidation
npm install
npm start
```
