.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/1-bug.md, before:

---
name: 🐛 Bug report
about: Create a report to help us improve
labels: bug
---

<!--
Ouch, sorry you’ve run into a bug.  Thank for taking the time to report it!

Please fill in as much of the template below as you’re able.

P.S. have you seen our support and contributing docs?
https://github.com/redux-form/redux-form/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md
-->

### Subject of the issue

Describe your issue here.

This is _not_ a place to ask questions.
For that, go to [Gitter](https://gitter.im/erikras/redux-form) or [StackOverflow](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/redux-form)

### Your environment

- **OS**: <!-- Name and version of operating system -->
- **Packages**: <!-- Names and version of required packages -->
- **Env**: <!-- Version of node, npm, yarn, or names and versions of browser -->

### Steps to reproduce

<!-- !!! IMPORTANT !!! -->
<!-- Tell us how to reproduce this issue. Please provide a working and simplified example. -->
<!-- If you're opening bug reports and not providing a Sandbox link, we may close your issue without notice. -->
<!-- Start from https://codesandbox.io/s/gJjDoKYWl or pick one the linked sandboxes on the README that is most like your app -->
<!-- !!! IMPORTANT !!! -->

🎉 BONUS POINTS for creating a [minimal reproduction](https://stackoverflow.com/help/mcve) and uploading it to GitHub. This will get you the fastest support. 🎉

### Expected behaviour

What should happen?

### Actual behaviour

What happens instead?

### Other information

<!-- Include here any related information, stacktraces, related issues, links for Stack Overflow, Twitter, etc. -->

Commit message:

chore: add Spectrum comunity link for help

.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/1-bug.md, after:

---
name: 🐛 Bug report
about: Create a report to help us improve
labels: bug
---

<!--
Ouch, sorry you’ve run into a bug.  Thank for taking the time to report it!

Please fill in as much of the template below as you’re able.

P.S. have you seen our support and contributing docs?
https://github.com/redux-form/redux-form/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md
-->

### Subject of the issue

Describe your issue here.

This is _not_ a place to ask questions.
For that, you can go to this places:

- [Spectrum](https://spectrum.chat/redux-form)
- [StackOverflow](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/redux-form)
- [Gitter](https://gitter.im/erikras/redux-form)

### Your environment

- **OS**: <!-- Name and version of operating system -->
- **Packages**: <!-- Names and version of required packages -->
- **Env**: <!-- Version of node, npm, yarn, or names and versions of browser -->

### Steps to reproduce

<!-- !!! IMPORTANT !!! -->
<!-- Tell us how to reproduce this issue. Please provide a working and simplified example. -->
<!-- If you're opening bug reports and not providing a Sandbox link, we may close your issue without notice. -->
<!-- Start from https://codesandbox.io/s/gJjDoKYWl or pick one the linked sandboxes on the README that is most like your app -->
<!-- !!! IMPORTANT !!! -->

🎉 BONUS POINTS for creating a [minimal reproduction](https://stackoverflow.com/help/mcve) and uploading it to GitHub. This will get you the fastest support. 🎉

### Expected behaviour

What should happen?

### Actual behaviour

What happens instead?

### Other information

<!-- Include here any related information, stacktraces, related issues, links for Stack Overflow, Twitter, etc. -->
