docs/api/FormValueSelector.md, before:

# `formValueSelector(form:String, [getFormState:Function])`

[`View source on GitHub`](https://github.com/erikras/redux-form/blob/master/src/formValueSelector.js)

> A "selector" API to make it easier to `connect()` to form values. `formValueSelector` _creates_
a selector function for your form that can be used with your field names.

## Importing

```javascript
var formValueSelector = require('redux-form').formValueSelector;  // ES5
```
```javascript
import { formValueSelector } from 'redux-form';  // ES6
```

## Parameters

### `form : String` [required]

> The name of the form you are connecting to. Must be the same as the `form` config value you 
gave to [`reduxForm()`](https://redux-form.com/7.0.0/docs/api/ReduxForm.md/).

### `getFormState : Function` [optional]

> If you are using the `getFormState()` config parameter to keep the `redux-form` reducer at a 
place in your Redux store other than `state.form`, you must also provide the same function here 
to get the slice of Redux store where the `redux-form` reducer is mounted. Defaults to
`state => state.form`.

## Selector

The function returned from `formValueSelector()` has the following structure:

### selector(state:Object, ...field:String)

#### `state : Object` [required]

> The global Redux state given to `mapStateToProps`.

#### `...field : String` [required]

> The field, or fields, you want to select. If you provide only one field name, the function will
return the value of that field. If you provide more than one field name, it will return an object
mapping fields to values. If your field are "deep" (i.e. has one or more `.` in the name), the 
structure you get back will also be deep. e.g. If your fields are `'a.b'` and `'a.c'`, the 
resulting structure will be `{ a: { b: 'bValue', c: 'cValue' } }`.

## Usage

The first thing you do is create a selector for your form name.

```javascript
const selector = formValueSelector('myFormName')
```

Then, there are several ways to use the selector that was created.

### 1. Select fields individually

```javascript
connect(
  state => ({
    firstValue: selector(state, 'first'),
    secondValue: selector(state, 'second')
  })
)(MyFormComponent)
```

### 2. Select multiple fields as a group into a grouped prop

```javascript
connect(
  state => ({
    myValues: selector(state, 'first', 'second')
  })
)(MyFormComponent)
```

### 3. Use the selector as `mapStateToProps`

If you don't need any other props from the state, the selector itself works just fine as 
`mapStateToProps`.

```javascript
connect(
  state => selector(state, 'first', 'second')
)(MyFormComponent)
```

## Example

See the
[Selecting Form Values](https://redux-form.com/7.0.0/examples/selectingFormValues/) example.

Commit message:

Add note indicating that FormValueSelector can only be used as mapStateToProps if selecting multiple fields (#3191)

docs/api/FormValueSelector.md, after:

# `formValueSelector(form:String, [getFormState:Function])`

[`View source on GitHub`](https://github.com/erikras/redux-form/blob/master/src/formValueSelector.js)

> A "selector" API to make it easier to `connect()` to form values. `formValueSelector` _creates_
a selector function for your form that can be used with your field names.

## Importing

```javascript
var formValueSelector = require('redux-form').formValueSelector;  // ES5
```
```javascript
import { formValueSelector } from 'redux-form';  // ES6
```

## Parameters

### `form : String` [required]

> The name of the form you are connecting to. Must be the same as the `form` config value you 
gave to [`reduxForm()`](https://redux-form.com/7.0.0/docs/api/ReduxForm.md/).

### `getFormState : Function` [optional]

> If you are using the `getFormState()` config parameter to keep the `redux-form` reducer at a 
place in your Redux store other than `state.form`, you must also provide the same function here 
to get the slice of Redux store where the `redux-form` reducer is mounted. Defaults to
`state => state.form`.

## Selector

The function returned from `formValueSelector()` has the following structure:

### selector(state:Object, ...field:String)

#### `state : Object` [required]

> The global Redux state given to `mapStateToProps`.

#### `...field : String` [required]

> The field, or fields, you want to select. If you provide only one field name, the function will
return the value of that field. If you provide more than one field name, it will return an object
mapping fields to values. If your field are "deep" (i.e. has one or more `.` in the name), the 
structure you get back will also be deep. e.g. If your fields are `'a.b'` and `'a.c'`, the 
resulting structure will be `{ a: { b: 'bValue', c: 'cValue' } }`.

## Usage

The first thing you do is create a selector for your form name.

```javascript
const selector = formValueSelector('myFormName')
```

Then, there are several ways to use the selector that was created.

### 1. Select fields individually

```javascript
connect(
  state => ({
    firstValue: selector(state, 'first'),
    secondValue: selector(state, 'second')
  })
)(MyFormComponent)
```

### 2. Select multiple fields as a group into a grouped prop

```javascript
connect(
  state => ({
    myValues: selector(state, 'first', 'second')
  })
)(MyFormComponent)
```

### 3. Use the selector as `mapStateToProps`

If you don't need any other props from the state, the selector itself works just fine as 
`mapStateToProps` if you are selecting multiple fields.

```javascript
connect(
  state => selector(state, 'first', 'second')
)(MyFormComponent)
```

## Example

See the
[Selecting Form Values](https://redux-form.com/7.0.0/examples/selectingFormValues/) example.
