docs/api/Props.md, before:

# `props`

> The `props` listed on this page are are the `props` that `redux-form` generates to give
to your decorated form component. The `props` that _you pass into your wrapped component_ are
listed [here](#/api/reduxForm).

> If you are a strict `PropTypes` completionist, `redux-form` exports all of these
[`propTypes`](https://github.com/erikras/redux-form/blob/v6/src/createPropTypes.js), 
so you may import them, like so:

```javascript
import {reduxForm, propTypes} from 'redux-form';

class SimpleForm extends Component {
  static propTypes = {
    ...propTypes,
    // other props you might be using
  }
  // ...
}
```

### `anyTouched : boolean`

> `true` if any of the fields have been marked as `touched`, `false` otherwise.

### `array : Object`

> A set of pre-bound action creators for you to operate on array fields in your form.

> #### `array.insert(field:String, index:Number, value:Any) : Function`

> Inserts a value into the given array field in your form.
This is a bound action creator, so it returns nothing.

> #### `array.move(field:String, from:Number, to:Number) : Function`

> Moves a value at the given `from` index to the given `to` index in the given array field in 
your form.
This is a bound action creator, so it returns nothing.

> #### `array.pop(field:String) : Function`

> Pops a value off of the end of a given array field in your form.
This is a bound action creator, so it returns nothing.

> #### `array.push(field:String, value:Any) : Function`

> Pushes the given value onto the end of the given array field in your form.
This is a bound action creator, so it returns nothing.

> #### `array.remove(field:String, index:Number) : Function`

> Removes a value at the given index from the given array field in your form.
This is a bound action creator, so it returns nothing.

> #### `array.removeAll(field:String) : Function`

> Removes all the values from the given array field in your form.
This is a bound action creator, so it returns nothing.

> #### `array.shift(field:String) : Function`

> Shifts a value out of the beginning of the given array in your form.
This is a bound action creator, so it returns nothing.

> #### `array.splice(field:String, index:Number, removeNum:Number, value:Any) : Function`

> Performs an 
[`Array.splice`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Array/splice)
operation on the given array in your form.
This is a bound action creator, so it returns nothing.

> #### `array.swap(field:String, indexA:Number, indexB:Number) : Function`

> Swaps two values at the given indexes of the given array field in your form.
This is a bound action creator, so it returns nothing.

> #### `array.unshift(field:String, value:Any) : Function`

> Unshifts the given value into the beginning of the given array field in your form.
This is a bound action creator, so it returns nothing.

### `asyncValidate : Function`

> A function that may be called to initiate asynchronous validation if asynchronous validation is enabled.

### `asyncValidating : String | boolean`

> This value will be either: 
> * `false` - No asynchronous validation is currently happening
> * `true` - Asynchronous validation is currently running in preparation to submit a form
> * a `string` - The name of the field that just blurred to trigger asynchronous validation

### `blur(field:String, value:any) : Function`

> Marks a field as blurred in the Redux store.
This is a bound action creator, so it returns nothing.

### `change(field:String, value:any) : Function`

> Changes the value of a field in the Redux store.
This is a bound action creator, so it returns nothing.

### `destroy() : Function`

> Destroys the form state in the Redux store. By default, this will be called for you in
`componentWillUnmount()`.
This is a bound action creator, so it returns nothing.

### `dirty : boolean`

> `true` if the form data has changed from its initialized values. Opposite of `pristine`.

### `error : any`

> A generic error for the entire form given by the `_error` key in the result from the
synchronous validation function, the asynchronous validation, or the rejected promise from
`onSubmit`.

### `form : String`

> The form name that you gave to the `reduxForm()` decorator or the prop you passed in to your
decorated form component.

#### `handleSubmit(eventOrSubmit) : Function`

> A function meant to be passed to `<form onSubmit={handleSubmit}>` or to
`<button onClick={handleSubmit}>`. It will run validation, both sync and async, and, if the
form is valid, it will call `this.props.onSubmit(data)` with the contents of the form data.

> Optionally, you may also pass your `onSubmit` function to `handleSubmit` which will take
the place of the `onSubmit` prop. For example:
`<form onSubmit={handleSubmit(this.save.bind(this))}>`

> If your `onSubmit` function returns a promise, the `submitting` property will be set to
`true` until the promise has been resolved or rejected. If it is rejected with an object
like `new SubmissionError({ field1: 'error', field2: 'error' })` then the submission errors will be added
to each field (to the `error` prop) just like async validation errors are. If there is an
error that is not specific to any field, but applicable to the entire form, you may pass
that as if it were the error for a field called `_error`, and it will be given as the
`error` prop.

> To recap, there are two ways to use `handleSubmit`:

> **1. pass it a function to call**

```javascript
<button onClick={handleSubmit(data => {
  // do something with data. validation will have been called at this point,
  // so you know the data is valid
})}>Submit</button>
```

> **2. pass in such a function as the onSubmit prop to your decorated component**

```javascript
<MyDecoratedForm onSubmit={data => {
  // do something with data. validation will have been called at this point,
  // so you know the data is valid
}}/>
```

#### `initialize(data:Object) : Function`

> Initializes the form data to the given values. All `dirty` and `pristine` state will be
determined by comparing the current data with these initialized values.
This is a bound action creator, so it returns nothing.

#### `initialValues : Object`

> The same initialValues object passed to `reduxForm` to initialize the form data.

#### `invalid : boolean`

> `true` if the form has validation errors. Opposite of `valid`.

#### `pristine: boolean`

> `true` if the form data is the same as its initialized values. Opposite of `dirty`.

#### `reset() : Function`

> Resets all the values in the form to the initialized state, making it pristine again.
This is a bound action creator, so it returns nothing.

#### `submitFailed : boolean`

> Starts as `false`. If `onSubmit` is called, and fails to submit _for any reason_, `submitFailed` will be set to 
`true`. A subsequent successful submit will set it back to `false`.

#### `submitSucceeded : boolean`

> Starts as `false`. If `onSubmit` is called, and succeed to submit , `submitSucceeded` will be set to 
`true`. A subsequent unsuccessful submit will set it back to `false`.

#### `submitting : boolean`

> Whether or not your form is currently submitting. This prop will only work if you have passed an
`onSubmit` function that returns a promise. It will be `true` until the promise is resolved or rejected.

#### `touch(...field:string) : Function`

> Marks the given fields as "touched" to show errors.
This is a bound action creator, so it returns nothing.

#### `untouch(...field:string) : Function`

> Clears the "touched" flag for the given fields
This is a bound action creator, so it returns nothing.

#### `valid : boolean`

> `true` if the form passes validation (has no validation errors). Opposite of `invalid`.

Commit message:

Implemented autofill feature from v5 (#1620)
* Implemented autofill feature from v5

* linting

docs/api/Props.md, after:

# `props`

> The `props` listed on this page are are the `props` that `redux-form` generates to give
to your decorated form component. The `props` that _you pass into your wrapped component_ are
listed [here](#/api/reduxForm).

> If you are a strict `PropTypes` completionist, `redux-form` exports all of these
[`propTypes`](https://github.com/erikras/redux-form/blob/v6/src/createPropTypes.js), 
so you may import them, like so:

```javascript
import {reduxForm, propTypes} from 'redux-form';

class SimpleForm extends Component {
  static propTypes = {
    ...propTypes,
    // other props you might be using
  }
  // ...
}
```

### `anyTouched : boolean`

> `true` if any of the fields have been marked as `touched`, `false` otherwise.

### `array : Object`

> A set of pre-bound action creators for you to operate on array fields in your form.

> #### `array.insert(field:String, index:Number, value:Any) : Function`

> Inserts a value into the given array field in your form.
This is a bound action creator, so it returns nothing.

> #### `array.move(field:String, from:Number, to:Number) : Function`

> Moves a value at the given `from` index to the given `to` index in the given array field in 
your form.
This is a bound action creator, so it returns nothing.

> #### `array.pop(field:String) : Function`

> Pops a value off of the end of a given array field in your form.
This is a bound action creator, so it returns nothing.

> #### `array.push(field:String, value:Any) : Function`

> Pushes the given value onto the end of the given array field in your form.
This is a bound action creator, so it returns nothing.

> #### `array.remove(field:String, index:Number) : Function`

> Removes a value at the given index from the given array field in your form.
This is a bound action creator, so it returns nothing.

> #### `array.removeAll(field:String) : Function`

> Removes all the values from the given array field in your form.
This is a bound action creator, so it returns nothing.

> #### `array.shift(field:String) : Function`

> Shifts a value out of the beginning of the given array in your form.
This is a bound action creator, so it returns nothing.

> #### `array.splice(field:String, index:Number, removeNum:Number, value:Any) : Function`

> Performs an 
[`Array.splice`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Array/splice)
operation on the given array in your form.
This is a bound action creator, so it returns nothing.

> #### `array.swap(field:String, indexA:Number, indexB:Number) : Function`

> Swaps two values at the given indexes of the given array field in your form.
This is a bound action creator, so it returns nothing.

> #### `array.unshift(field:String, value:Any) : Function`

> Unshifts the given value into the beginning of the given array field in your form.
This is a bound action creator, so it returns nothing.

### `asyncValidate : Function`

> A function that may be called to initiate asynchronous validation if asynchronous validation is enabled.

### `asyncValidating : String | boolean`

> This value will be either: 
> * `false` - No asynchronous validation is currently happening
> * `true` - Asynchronous validation is currently running in preparation to submit a form
> * a `string` - The name of the field that just blurred to trigger asynchronous validation

### `autofill(field:String, value:any) : Function`

> Sets the value and marks the field as `autofilled` in the Redux Store. This is useful when a 
a field needs to be set programmatically, but in a way that lets the user know (via a styling 
change using the `autofilled` prop in `Field`) that it has been autofilled for them 
programmatically.
This is a bound action creator, so it returns nothing.

### `blur(field:String, value:any) : Function`

> Marks a field as blurred in the Redux store.
This is a bound action creator, so it returns nothing.

### `change(field:String, value:any) : Function`

> Changes the value of a field in the Redux store.
This is a bound action creator, so it returns nothing.

### `destroy() : Function`

> Destroys the form state in the Redux store. By default, this will be called for you in
`componentWillUnmount()`.
This is a bound action creator, so it returns nothing.

### `dirty : boolean`

> `true` if the form data has changed from its initialized values. Opposite of `pristine`.

### `error : any`

> A generic error for the entire form given by the `_error` key in the result from the
synchronous validation function, the asynchronous validation, or the rejected promise from
`onSubmit`.

### `form : String`

> The form name that you gave to the `reduxForm()` decorator or the prop you passed in to your
decorated form component.

#### `handleSubmit(eventOrSubmit) : Function`

> A function meant to be passed to `<form onSubmit={handleSubmit}>` or to
`<button onClick={handleSubmit}>`. It will run validation, both sync and async, and, if the
form is valid, it will call `this.props.onSubmit(data)` with the contents of the form data.

> Optionally, you may also pass your `onSubmit` function to `handleSubmit` which will take
the place of the `onSubmit` prop. For example:
`<form onSubmit={handleSubmit(this.save.bind(this))}>`

> If your `onSubmit` function returns a promise, the `submitting` property will be set to
`true` until the promise has been resolved or rejected. If it is rejected with an object
like `new SubmissionError({ field1: 'error', field2: 'error' })` then the submission errors will be added
to each field (to the `error` prop) just like async validation errors are. If there is an
error that is not specific to any field, but applicable to the entire form, you may pass
that as if it were the error for a field called `_error`, and it will be given as the
`error` prop.

> To recap, there are two ways to use `handleSubmit`:

> **1. pass it a function to call**

```javascript
<button onClick={handleSubmit(data => {
  // do something with data. validation will have been called at this point,
  // so you know the data is valid
})}>Submit</button>
```

> **2. pass in such a function as the onSubmit prop to your decorated component**

```javascript
<MyDecoratedForm onSubmit={data => {
  // do something with data. validation will have been called at this point,
  // so you know the data is valid
}}/>
```

#### `initialize(data:Object) : Function`

> Initializes the form data to the given values. All `dirty` and `pristine` state will be
determined by comparing the current data with these initialized values.
This is a bound action creator, so it returns nothing.

#### `initialValues : Object`

> The same initialValues object passed to `reduxForm` to initialize the form data.

#### `invalid : boolean`

> `true` if the form has validation errors. Opposite of `valid`.

#### `pristine: boolean`

> `true` if the form data is the same as its initialized values. Opposite of `dirty`.

#### `reset() : Function`

> Resets all the values in the form to the initialized state, making it pristine again.
This is a bound action creator, so it returns nothing.

#### `submitFailed : boolean`

> Starts as `false`. If `onSubmit` is called, and fails to submit _for any reason_, `submitFailed` will be set to 
`true`. A subsequent successful submit will set it back to `false`.

#### `submitSucceeded : boolean`

> Starts as `false`. If `onSubmit` is called, and succeed to submit , `submitSucceeded` will be set to 
`true`. A subsequent unsuccessful submit will set it back to `false`.

#### `submitting : boolean`

> Whether or not your form is currently submitting. This prop will only work if you have passed an
`onSubmit` function that returns a promise. It will be `true` until the promise is resolved or rejected.

#### `touch(...field:string) : Function`

> Marks the given fields as "touched" to show errors.
This is a bound action creator, so it returns nothing.

#### `untouch(...field:string) : Function`

> Clears the "touched" flag for the given fields
This is a bound action creator, so it returns nothing.

#### `valid : boolean`

> `true` if the form passes validation (has no validation errors). Opposite of `invalid`.
