docs/api/ReduxForm.md, before:

# `reduxForm(config:Object)`

[`View source on GitHub`](https://github.com/erikras/redux-form/blob/master/src/reduxForm.js)

Creates a decorator with which you use `redux-form` to connect your form component to Redux.
It takes a `config` parameter which lets you configure your form.

## Importing

```javascript
var reduxForm = require('redux-form').reduxForm;  // ES5
```
```javascript
import { reduxForm } from 'redux-form';  // ES6
```

## Config Properties

**IMPORTANT: All of these configuration options may be passed into `reduxForm()` at "design time"
or passed in as props to your component at runtime.**

### Required

#### `form : String` [required]

> the name of your form and the key to where your form's state will be mounted under the
`redux-form` reducer

### Optional

#### -`asyncBlurFields : Array<String>` [optional]

> field names for which `onBlur` should trigger a call to the `asyncValidate` function.
Defaults to including all fields.

> See [Asynchronous Blur Validation Example](https://redux-form.com/6.8.0/examples/asyncValidation/)
for more details.

#### `asyncValidate : (values:Object, dispatch:Function, props:Object, blurredField:String) => Promise<undefined, errors:Object>` [optional]

> a function that takes all the form values, the `dispatch` function, the `props` given
to your component and the current blurred field, and
returns a Promise that will resolve if the validation is passed, or will reject with an
object of validation errors
in the form `{ field1: <String>, field2: <String> }`.

> See [Asynchronous Blur Validation Example](https://redux-form.com/6.8.0/examples/asyncValidation/)
for more details.

#### `destroyOnUnmount : boolean` [optional]

> Whether or not to automatically destroy your form's state in the Redux store when your
component is unmounted. Defaults to `true`.

#### `enableReinitialize : boolean` [optional]

> When set to `true`, the form will reinitialize every time the `initialValues` prop changes.
Defaults to `false`.  If the `keepDirtyOnReinitialize` option is also set, the form
will retain the value of dirty fields when reinitializing.

#### `forceUnregisterOnUnmount : boolean` [optional]

> Whether or not to force unregistration of fields -- use in conjunction with `destroyOnUnmount`. Useful for wizard-type forms where you want to destroy fields as they unmount, but not the form's state. Defaults to `false`, as forms are normally unregistered on unmount.

#### `getFormState : Function` [optional]

> A function that takes the entire Redux state and returns the state slice which corresponds to
where the `redux-form` reducer was mounted. This functionality is rarely needed, and defaults to
assuming that the reducer is mounted under the `form` key.

#### `immutableProps : Array<String>` [optional]

> Prop names that only require strict-equals, not deep equals, to determine `shouldComponentUpdate`.
Useful for performance and compatibility with 3rd party immutable libraries.
Defaults to `[]`.

#### `initialValues : Object<String, String>` [optional]

> The values with which to initialize your form in `componentWillMount()`.
The values should be in the form `{ field1: 'value1', field2: 'value2' }`.

#### `keepDirtyOnReinitialize : boolean` [optional]

> When set to `true` and `enableReinitialize` is also set, the form will retain the value
of dirty fields when reinitializing. When this option is not set (the default), reinitializing
the form replaces all field values. This option is useful in situations where the form has
live updates or continues to be editable after form submission; it prevents
reinitialization from overwriting user changes. Defaults to `false`.

#### `onChange : Function` [optional]

> A callback function that will be called with all the form values any time any of the form
values change.

> `onChange` will be called with the following parameters:

> ##### `values : Object`

> The changed field values in the form of `{ field1: 'value1', field2: 'value2' }`.

> ##### `dispatch : Function`

> The Redux `dispatch` function.

> ##### `props : Object`

> The props passed into your decorated component.

#### `onSubmit : Function` [optional]

> The function to call with the form data when the `handleSubmit()` is fired from within the
form component. If you do not specify it as a prop here, you must pass it as a parameter to
`handleSubmit()` inside your form component.

> If your `onSubmit` function returns a promise, the `submitting` property will be set to
`true` until the promise has been resolved or rejected. If it is rejected with a
`redux-form` `SubmissionError` containing errors in the form
`{ field1: 'error', field2: 'error' }` then the submission errors will be added to each field
(to the `error` prop) just like async validation errors are. If there is an error that is not
specific to any field, but applicable to the entire form, you may pass that as if it were the
error for a field
called `_error`, and it will be given as the `error` prop.

> `onSubmit` will be called with the following parameters:

> ##### `values : Object`

> The field values in the form of `{ field1: 'value1', field2: 'value2' }`.

> ##### `dispatch : Function`

> The Redux `dispatch` function.

> ##### `props : Object`

> The props passed into your decorated component.

#### `onSubmitFail : Function` [optional]

> A callback function that will be called when a submission fails for whatever reason. It will be
called with the following parameters:

> ##### `errors : Object`

> The errors that caused the submission to fail.

> ##### `dispatch : Function`

> The Redux `dispatch` function.

##### `submitError : Error`

> The error object that caused the submission to fail. If `errors` is set this will be most likely a `SubmissionError`, otherwise it can be any error or null.

> ##### `props : Object`

> The props passed into your decorated component.

#### `onSubmitSuccess : Function` [optional]

> A callback function that will be called when a submission succeeds.  It will be called with the
following parameters:

> ##### `result : Object`

> Any result that `onSubmit` has returned

> ##### `dispatch : Function`

> The Redux `dispatch` function.

> ##### `props : Object`

> The props passed into your decorated component.

#### `propNamespace : String` [optional]

> If specified, all the props normally passed into your decorated component directly will be passed
under the key specified. Useful if using other decorator libraries on the same component to avoid
prop namespace collisions.

#### `pure : boolean` [optional]

> If true, implements `shouldComponentUpdate` and shallowly compares _only the Redux-connected
props_ that are needed to manage the form state, preventing unnecessary
updates, assuming that the component is a “pure” component and does not rely on any input or
state other than its props and the selected Redux store’s state. Defaults to `true`.

> Similar to the `pure` parameter in [`react-redux`'s `connect()`
API](https://github.com/reactjs/react-redux/blob/master/docs/api.md#connectmapstatetoprops-mapdispatchtoprops-mergeprops-options)

#### `shouldValidate(params) : boolean` [optional]

> An optional function you may provide to have full control over when sync validation happens.
Your `shouldValidate()` function will be given an object with the following values:

> ##### `values : Object`

> The values in the form of `{ field1: 'value1', field2: 'value2' }`.

> ##### `nextProps : Object`

> The next props.

> ##### `props : Object`

> The current props.

> ##### `initialRender : boolean`

> `true` if the form is being initially rendered.

> ##### `structure : Object`

> The structure object being used internally for values. You may wish to use `deepEqual` from the structure.

#### `shouldAsyncValidate(params) : boolean` [optional]

> An optional function you may provide to have full control over when async validation happens.
Your `shouldAsyncValidate()` function will be given an object with the following values:

> ##### `asyncErrors : Object` [optional]

> Any existing asynchronous validation errors

> ##### `initialized : boolean` [required]

> `true` if the form has ever been initialized with initial values

> ##### `trigger : String` [required]

> The reason to possibly run async validation. It will either be: `'blur'` or `'submit'`,
depending on whether an async blur field had triggered the async validation or if submitting the
form has triggered it, respectively.

> ##### `blurredField : string` [optional]

> The name of the field that has triggered the async validation. May be `undefined`.

> ##### `pristine : boolean` [required]

> `true` if the form is pristine, `false` if it is dirty

> ##### `syncValidationPasses : boolean` [required]

> `true` if synchronous validation is passing, `false` if it is failing.

> The default behavior is:

> ```js
  if(!syncValidationPasses) {
    return false
  }
  switch(trigger) {
    case 'blur':
      // blurring
      return true
    case 'submit':
      // submitting, so only async validate if form is dirty or was never initialized
      // conversely, DON'T async validate if the form is pristine just as it was initialized
      return !pristine || !initialized
    default:
      return false
  }
```

#### `touchOnBlur : boolean` [optional]

> marks fields as `touched` when the blur action is fired. Defaults to `true`.

#### `touchOnChange : boolean` [optional]

> marks fields as `touched` when the change action is fired. Defaults to `false`.

#### `persistentSubmitErrors : boolean` [optional]

> do not remove submit errors when the change action is fired. Defaults to `false`.

#### `validate : (values:Object, props:Object) => errors:Object` [optional]

> a synchronous validation function that takes the form values and props passed into your component.
If validation passes, it should return `{}`. If validation fails, it should return the validation errors in the
form `{ field1: <String>, field2: <String> }`. Defaults to `(values, props) => ({})`.

> See [Synchronous Validation Example](https://redux-form.com/6.8.0/examples/syncValidation/)
for more details.

#### `warn : (values:Object, props:Object) => warnings:Object` [optional]

> a synchronous warning function that takes the form values and props passed into your component. Warnings work
the same as validations, but do not mark a form as invalid. If the warning check passes, it should return `{}`.
If the check fails, it should return the warnings in the form `{ field1: <String>, field2: <String> }`.
Defaults to `(values, props) => ({})`.

## Instance API

The following are methods or properties that you can access on an instance of your decorated form
component.

#### `dirty : boolean`

`true` when the current form values are different from the `initialValues`, `false` otherwise.

#### `invalid : boolean`

`true` when the form is invalid (has validation errors), `false` otherwise.

#### `pristine : boolean`

`true` when the current form values are the same as the `initialValues`, `false` otherwise.

#### `registeredFields : Array`

An array of objects with fields `name` and `type` for each field representing all the fields in the form. Mainly useful for testing.

#### `reset() : void`

Resets the form to the `initialValues`. It will be `pristine` after reset.

#### `submit() : Promise`

Submits the form. [You'd never have guessed that, right?] Returns a promise that will be resolved
when the form is submitted successfully, or rejected if the submission fails.

#### `valid : boolean`

`true` when the form is valid (has no validation errors), `false` otherwise.

#### `values : Object`

The current values of all the fields in the form.

#### `wrappedInstance : ReactElement`

A reference to the instance of the component you decorated with `reduxForm()`. Mainly useful for
testing.

Commit message:

async validation docs clarification related to #3069

docs/api/ReduxForm.md, after:

# `reduxForm(config:Object)`

[`View source on GitHub`](https://github.com/erikras/redux-form/blob/master/src/reduxForm.js)

Creates a decorator with which you use `redux-form` to connect your form component to Redux.
It takes a `config` parameter which lets you configure your form.

## Importing

```javascript
var reduxForm = require('redux-form').reduxForm;  // ES5
```
```javascript
import { reduxForm } from 'redux-form';  // ES6
```

## Config Properties

**IMPORTANT: All of these configuration options may be passed into `reduxForm()` at "design time"
or passed in as props to your component at runtime.**

### Required

#### `form : String` [required]

> the name of your form and the key to where your form's state will be mounted under the
`redux-form` reducer

### Optional

#### -`asyncBlurFields : Array<String>` [optional]

> field names for which `onBlur` should trigger a call to the `asyncValidate` function.
Defaults to triggering the async validation when any field is blurred. If you wish to disable the
blur validation, but still provide an `asyncValidate` function, you may pass `[]` to this
property, resulting in the async validation only being run before submission.

> See [Asynchronous Blur Validation Example](https://redux-form.com/6.8.0/examples/asyncValidation/)
for more details.

#### `asyncValidate : (values:Object, dispatch:Function, props:Object, blurredField:String) => Promise<undefined, errors:Object>` [optional]

> a function that takes all the form values, the `dispatch` function, the `props` given
to your component and the current blurred field, and
returns a Promise that will resolve if the validation is passed, or will reject with an
object of validation errors
in the form `{ field1: <String>, field2: <String> }`.

> See [Asynchronous Blur Validation Example](https://redux-form.com/6.8.0/examples/asyncValidation/)
for more details.

#### `destroyOnUnmount : boolean` [optional]

> Whether or not to automatically destroy your form's state in the Redux store when your
component is unmounted. Defaults to `true`.

#### `enableReinitialize : boolean` [optional]

> When set to `true`, the form will reinitialize every time the `initialValues` prop changes.
Defaults to `false`.  If the `keepDirtyOnReinitialize` option is also set, the form
will retain the value of dirty fields when reinitializing.

#### `forceUnregisterOnUnmount : boolean` [optional]

> Whether or not to force unregistration of fields -- use in conjunction with `destroyOnUnmount`. Useful for wizard-type forms where you want to destroy fields as they unmount, but not the form's state. Defaults to `false`, as forms are normally unregistered on unmount.

#### `getFormState : Function` [optional]

> A function that takes the entire Redux state and returns the state slice which corresponds to
where the `redux-form` reducer was mounted. This functionality is rarely needed, and defaults to
assuming that the reducer is mounted under the `form` key.

#### `immutableProps : Array<String>` [optional]

> Prop names that only require strict-equals, not deep equals, to determine `shouldComponentUpdate`.
Useful for performance and compatibility with 3rd party immutable libraries.
Defaults to `[]`.

#### `initialValues : Object<String, String>` [optional]

> The values with which to initialize your form in `componentWillMount()`.
The values should be in the form `{ field1: 'value1', field2: 'value2' }`.

#### `keepDirtyOnReinitialize : boolean` [optional]

> When set to `true` and `enableReinitialize` is also set, the form will retain the value
of dirty fields when reinitializing. When this option is not set (the default), reinitializing
the form replaces all field values. This option is useful in situations where the form has
live updates or continues to be editable after form submission; it prevents
reinitialization from overwriting user changes. Defaults to `false`.

#### `onChange : Function` [optional]

> A callback function that will be called with all the form values any time any of the form
values change.

> `onChange` will be called with the following parameters:

> ##### `values : Object`

> The changed field values in the form of `{ field1: 'value1', field2: 'value2' }`.

> ##### `dispatch : Function`

> The Redux `dispatch` function.

> ##### `props : Object`

> The props passed into your decorated component.

#### `onSubmit : Function` [optional]

> The function to call with the form data when the `handleSubmit()` is fired from within the
form component. If you do not specify it as a prop here, you must pass it as a parameter to
`handleSubmit()` inside your form component.

> If your `onSubmit` function returns a promise, the `submitting` property will be set to
`true` until the promise has been resolved or rejected. If it is rejected with a
`redux-form` `SubmissionError` containing errors in the form
`{ field1: 'error', field2: 'error' }` then the submission errors will be added to each field
(to the `error` prop) just like async validation errors are. If there is an error that is not
specific to any field, but applicable to the entire form, you may pass that as if it were the
error for a field
called `_error`, and it will be given as the `error` prop.

> `onSubmit` will be called with the following parameters:

> ##### `values : Object`

> The field values in the form of `{ field1: 'value1', field2: 'value2' }`.

> ##### `dispatch : Function`

> The Redux `dispatch` function.

> ##### `props : Object`

> The props passed into your decorated component.

#### `onSubmitFail : Function` [optional]

> A callback function that will be called when a submission fails for whatever reason. It will be
called with the following parameters:

> ##### `errors : Object`

> The errors that caused the submission to fail.

> ##### `dispatch : Function`

> The Redux `dispatch` function.

##### `submitError : Error`

> The error object that caused the submission to fail. If `errors` is set this will be most likely a `SubmissionError`, otherwise it can be any error or null.

> ##### `props : Object`

> The props passed into your decorated component.

#### `onSubmitSuccess : Function` [optional]

> A callback function that will be called when a submission succeeds.  It will be called with the
following parameters:

> ##### `result : Object`

> Any result that `onSubmit` has returned

> ##### `dispatch : Function`

> The Redux `dispatch` function.

> ##### `props : Object`

> The props passed into your decorated component.

#### `propNamespace : String` [optional]

> If specified, all the props normally passed into your decorated component directly will be passed
under the key specified. Useful if using other decorator libraries on the same component to avoid
prop namespace collisions.

#### `pure : boolean` [optional]

> If true, implements `shouldComponentUpdate` and shallowly compares _only the Redux-connected
props_ that are needed to manage the form state, preventing unnecessary
updates, assuming that the component is a “pure” component and does not rely on any input or
state other than its props and the selected Redux store’s state. Defaults to `true`.

> Similar to the `pure` parameter in [`react-redux`'s `connect()`
API](https://github.com/reactjs/react-redux/blob/master/docs/api.md#connectmapstatetoprops-mapdispatchtoprops-mergeprops-options)

#### `shouldValidate(params) : boolean` [optional]

> An optional function you may provide to have full control over when sync validation happens.
Your `shouldValidate()` function will be given an object with the following values:

> ##### `values : Object`

> The values in the form of `{ field1: 'value1', field2: 'value2' }`.

> ##### `nextProps : Object`

> The next props.

> ##### `props : Object`

> The current props.

> ##### `initialRender : boolean`

> `true` if the form is being initially rendered.

> ##### `structure : Object`

> The structure object being used internally for values. You may wish to use `deepEqual` from the structure.

#### `shouldAsyncValidate(params) : boolean` [optional]

> An optional function you may provide to have full control over when async validation happens.
Your `shouldAsyncValidate()` function will be given an object with the following values:

> ##### `asyncErrors : Object` [optional]

> Any existing asynchronous validation errors

> ##### `initialized : boolean` [required]

> `true` if the form has ever been initialized with initial values

> ##### `trigger : String` [required]

> The reason to possibly run async validation. It will either be: `'blur'` or `'submit'`,
depending on whether an async blur field had triggered the async validation or if submitting the
form has triggered it, respectively.

> ##### `blurredField : string` [optional]

> The name of the field that has triggered the async validation. May be `undefined`.

> ##### `pristine : boolean` [required]

> `true` if the form is pristine, `false` if it is dirty

> ##### `syncValidationPasses : boolean` [required]

> `true` if synchronous validation is passing, `false` if it is failing.

> The default behavior is:

> ```js
  if(!syncValidationPasses) {
    return false
  }
  switch(trigger) {
    case 'blur':
      // blurring
      return true
    case 'submit':
      // submitting, so only async validate if form is dirty or was never initialized
      // conversely, DON'T async validate if the form is pristine just as it was initialized
      return !pristine || !initialized
    default:
      return false
  }
```

#### `touchOnBlur : boolean` [optional]

> marks fields as `touched` when the blur action is fired. Defaults to `true`.

#### `touchOnChange : boolean` [optional]

> marks fields as `touched` when the change action is fired. Defaults to `false`.

#### `persistentSubmitErrors : boolean` [optional]

> do not remove submit errors when the change action is fired. Defaults to `false`.

#### `validate : (values:Object, props:Object) => errors:Object` [optional]

> a synchronous validation function that takes the form values and props passed into your component.
If validation passes, it should return `{}`. If validation fails, it should return the validation errors in the
form `{ field1: <String>, field2: <String> }`. Defaults to `(values, props) => ({})`.

> See [Synchronous Validation Example](https://redux-form.com/6.8.0/examples/syncValidation/)
for more details.

#### `warn : (values:Object, props:Object) => warnings:Object` [optional]

> a synchronous warning function that takes the form values and props passed into your component. Warnings work
the same as validations, but do not mark a form as invalid. If the warning check passes, it should return `{}`.
If the check fails, it should return the warnings in the form `{ field1: <String>, field2: <String> }`.
Defaults to `(values, props) => ({})`.

## Instance API

The following are methods or properties that you can access on an instance of your decorated form
component.

#### `dirty : boolean`

`true` when the current form values are different from the `initialValues`, `false` otherwise.

#### `invalid : boolean`

`true` when the form is invalid (has validation errors), `false` otherwise.

#### `pristine : boolean`

`true` when the current form values are the same as the `initialValues`, `false` otherwise.

#### `registeredFields : Array`

An array of objects with fields `name` and `type` for each field representing all the fields in the form. Mainly useful for testing.

#### `reset() : void`

Resets the form to the `initialValues`. It will be `pristine` after reset.

#### `submit() : Promise`

Submits the form. [You'd never have guessed that, right?] Returns a promise that will be resolved
when the form is submitted successfully, or rejected if the submission fails.

#### `valid : boolean`

`true` when the form is valid (has no validation errors), `false` otherwise.

#### `values : Object`

The current values of all the fields in the form.

#### `wrappedInstance : ReactElement`

A reference to the instance of the component you decorated with `reduxForm()`. Mainly useful for
testing.
